Fix anchor links in Make example (#1209)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/make/make-examples.md

and [Pattern
Rules](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/html_node/Pattern-Rules.html#Pattern-Rules).

<a class="anchor-link" name="make_automatic_var"></a>

> **Automatic Variables.** With automatic variables we can use the names of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(rr-make-examples-automaticvar)=
#### Automatic Variables.

With automatic variables we can use the names of the
```

There are more automatic variables that you could use, see [the
documentation](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/html_node/Automatic-Variables.html).

> <a class="anchor-link" name="make_pattern_rules"></a>
> 
> **Pattern Rules.** Notice that the recipes for the figures have become

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(rr-make-examples-patternrules)=
#### Pattern Rules 

Notice that the recipes for the figures have become
```
